Remember the quote from Sun Tzu.
You have to know your enemy and know yourself.
At this point, you've learned about your enemy and how to identify threats.
Once you know what those threats are,
the next step is to see if you are vulnerable to them.
This will help you know yourself and know your weaknesses as you prepare for battle.
Now vulnerabilities and threats go hand in hand.
If a threat exists with no vulnerability or a vulnerability with no threat,
most would say there really isn't an issue.
For example, let's say a new security weakness was announced in a specific type of
bank vault's door and so if you go
to this bank vault door and putting the wrong code 10 times,
it will assume you forgot the code and automatically offer you a resets.
How helpful? Now, if a criminal group is moving throughout the city,
robbing banks, that use that same vault technology,
who should be most concerned?
Should a cashless bank without a vault to be
concerned about this particular threat? Maybe not.
Should a bank with 10 of those vaults throughout the city be concerned?
Absolutely. When there is a threat and the vulnerability present,
those are the people who are at risk and should be most concerned.
This makes understanding the vulnerabilities that a threat actor can exploit critical.